before the establishment of the Roman
Orthodox Church dating back to the 1
Century ad the gnostics were a sect of
Christians with a very different set of
beliefs from what the new blossoming
religion of Christianity would soon
become thetics insisted they were in
fact the original Christians and that
the Roman Church were imposters
co-opting and changing their mythology
many original Founders like marcian and
taan were actually devout gnostics who
would later leave the Orthodoxy claiming
the church was quote setting up the
fraud of historic
Christianity gnosticism continued to
flourish alongside the Roman Church
until it was declared heresy and
outlawed by Emperor Constantine in 325
ad once the Orthodox Bible became
canonized all extra biblical Gnostic
Gospels were considered heretical and
either hidden or destroyed on threat of
death by the turn of the next Century
any remaining gnostics still still
openly practicing were hunted down as
Heretics the gnostics believed that
there existed only one true absolute God
which the ancient Greeks referred to as
agnostos Theos the unknown or unknowable
God this one true God also called the
monad was Ultimate and perfect existing
completely outside of creation
impossible to know or understand from
our limited human perspective described
in the apocryph of John as illimitable
unfathomable immeasurable invisible
Eternal unutterable and
unnamable this unknowable God produced a
diverse group of Spiritual Beings called
The aons Who Lived in a Heavenly
dimension of fullness known as the
ploma among the aons was a goddess named
Sophia who decided she wished to birth a
Divine being of her own without the
involvement of a male partner and
without approval from her father the one
true God the being she birthed was
described as a miscarriage or
abortion having a serpent-like body with
the head of a lion and Sophia named him
yalo the Gnostic texts referred to this
creature as the demiurge or the Godlike
self-willed who became a tyrannical
maniacal selfish Creator God himself
first he produced a race of powerful
minions called archons to assist him
then together they created their own
world to rule over which was a broken
mirror image of the ploma next the demur
and archons created and animated the
animals of the world filling the land
with cattle the Seas with Fish And The
Sky With Birds finally they attempted to
create man the copy of a Heavenly being
known as Adam but they could not breathe
life into him and failed to animate his
body seeing this as an opportunity
Sophia and some other aons from the
ploma sent by the monad Came Upon the
demerge and insisted they could help
breathe life into his atom a Divine
spark from Sophia was then bestowed upon
man bringing him to life and allowing
All Humans afterwards to contain this
Divine Light within themselves this
spark of True Light from the ploma made
man more pure and more powerful than the
demiurge which infuriated and made him
jealous to satisfy his spite he made man
mortal and placed him in a paradisical
realm called The Garden of Eden filled
with material Delights made to distract
him from his divinity as you may have
guessed by now this demiurge yalo is
better known in the Bible as Yahweh or
Jehovah in the Old Testament where he's
presented as though he is the monad the
one true God in reality however as
evidenced by several of the Gnostic
Gospels removed from the Bible Yahweh is
actually only one of many lesser are
gods in the Apocrypha of John It Was
Written when he saw creation surrounding
him and the throng of angels around him
who had come forth from him he said to
them I am a jealous God and there is no
other God beside me but by announcing
this he suggested to the angels with him
that there is another God for if there
were no other God of whom would he be
jealous hose Aragon wrote in the first
centuries of our era many of of the
Gnostic sects viewed the Creator God not
as a good or just being but as a satanic
one many of them likened him to Satan
Gustavo adalo Becker relates in one of
his accounts how the Creator God Brahma
created worlds like bubbles and how he
experimented with them as sometimes they
turned out good and sometimes not the
Creator God is not a completely perfect
God but apparently quite inept there are
worlds which turn out badly and he has
to destroy them there are worlds that
turn out better he tries practices
creates through trial and error the
Bible says God said let there be light
and there was light and God saw the
light that it was good how didn't he
know didn't he know it was something
good that is why gnostics say we are in
the presence of a Creator ignorant of
the effects of his creation likewise the
Creator God always maintains that he is
the only one he doesn't say it once he
says it all the time he's constantly
saying it I am the only God there is no
other God I your God am the only one Etc
we all know that when someone repeats
the same thing over and over again it's
because they're not sure of what they're
saying which is why they have to repeat
it so often the gnostics interpretation
of this is that the Creator suspects
since he is not altogether sure that
there is another God higher High than
him a god infinitely more Superior to
him much bigger much more important than
him and that is what he's trying to hide
by incessantly repeating I am the only
one there is no other God the fact that
Yahweh wasn't the only Creator God is
also evidenced within the Bible such as
the very first sentence barit bar Elohim
which translates to in the beginning the
gods created because Elohim in HEB
Hebrew is not singular but plural
meaning gods or
Lords also in Genesis 126 where quote
God said let us make man in our image
after our likeness the use of plural
pronouns like us and our implies Yahweh
wasn't creating alone several books
removed from the Bible make it clear who
and why in the Apocrypha of John it is
written that yal said to the archons
with him come let us create a human
being after the image of God and with a
likeness to ourselves so that this human
image may give us light in other words
the demiurge and his minions together
created Humanity in order to steal our
light power Gnostic texts differentiate
between True Light from the monad and
false light from the demerge such as in
the pistus Sophia where it is written
that Sophia had been deled deluded
through the Godlike self-willed Dem urge
and had not been deluded through
anything else save through a light power
because of its resemblance to the light
in which she had had Faith being an
emanation and Emissary of the True Light
Sophia essentially represents the modern
Christian equivalent of the Holy Spirit
she created the demur in error upon
descending to a lower heaven but quickly
recognizing her mistake withheld from
him and his archon minions the ability
to hold within them the True Light
Sophia then weeps repents and apologizes
to The unknowable God Who forgives her
and devises his own plan he sends other
aons from the ploma to help breathe life
into yahweh's atom and when they do give
the Divine Light power the Holy Spirit
to
humanity this makes the Creator God
already jealous of his minion helpers
now even more jealous of his Creations
the apocryphon of John States at once
the rest of the powers became jealous
although Adam had come into being
through all of them and they had given
their power to this human Adam was more
intelligent than the creators and the
first ruler when they realized that Adam
was enlightened and could think more
clearly than they and was stripped of
evil they took and threw Adam into the
lowest part of the whole material
realm the Garden of Eden was created to
be a paradise of Plenty where Adam would
not want for anything and live in
Blissful blind ignorance in Eden Adam
existed in a kind of sleep State unaware
of who he was or where he came from
Yahweh placed him in such a paradise not
for his pleasure but for the express
purpose that Adam would forget about his
own Divinity his true Heavenly home and
the one true God the Apocrypha of John
continues the rulers took Adam and put
him in Paradise they said eat meaning do
so in a leisurely manner but in fact
their pleasure is bitter and their
beauty is perverse their pleasure is a
trap their trees are a sacrilege their
fruit is deadly poison their promise is
death they put their tree of life in the
middle of paradise but the rulers
lingered in front of what they call the
tree of the knowledge of Good and Evil
which is enlightened afterthought so
that Adam might not behold its fullness
and recognize his shame
nakedness enlightened afterthought hid
herself within Adam the first ruler
wanted to take her from Adam's side but
enlightened afterthought cannot be
apprehended while Darkness pursued her
it did not apprehend her the first ruler
removed part of Adam's Power and created
another figure in the form of a female
like the image of afterthought that had
appeared to him he put the part he had
taken from the power of the human being
into the female creature it did not
happen however the way Moses said Adam's
Rib Adam saw the woman beside him at
once enlightened afterthought appeared
and removed the veil that covered his
mind he sobered up from the drunkenness
of Darkness he recognized his
counterpart and said this is now bone
from my bones and flesh from my flesh
the demiurge removed not Adam's Rib as
Moses claimed in Genesis but a part of
the light power from the monad which
animated him and it is that which
animated Eve recognizing the pure light
of the one inside her Adam grew to know
true love Sophia successfully atoned for
her accident by bringing enlightened
afterthought to material creation but
the demiurge also succeeded in keeping
Adam and Eve in a state of spiritual
ignorance blind to their divine nature a
messenger was needed a lightbearer from
the one true God to open their eyes
according to the IC gospels the
unknowable God sent Lucifer an angel of
pure fire and light to show man his true
origin and stir the Divine spirit inside
him Jose Aragon wrote Gnostic myths
relate that Lucifer is the messenger of
the unknowable God we had said that this
God the greatest one unreachable and
unknowable is unable to penetrate this
limited Universe of impure and satanic
matter but according to these myths he
can send someone Lucifer gnostics
consider that the biblical myth of
creation can be explained as follows the
Creator Satan of the world trapped Adam
and Eve in his miserable world and
Lucifer in the form of a serpent offered
them the forbidden fruit of saving nosis
and showed them that the Creator was
deceiving them in other words the
Creator said to man but of the tree of
the knowledge of Good and Evil you shall
not eat for in the day that you eat of
it you shall surely die on the other
hand the serpent said you will not
surely die for God knows that in the day
you eat of it your eyes will be opened
and you will be like God knowing good
and evil the Creator lied he said that
man would die if he ate the fruit but
man did not die the serpent was telling
the truth the Creator himself ended up
agreeing that the serpent was right
gnostics believe that this serpent
Lucifer is the Liberator of man and the
world of course of course this messenger
of the unknowable god Lucifer is an
opponent and an enemy of the creator of
this world nosis states that the Creator
wants to keep man captive in this
limited inferior and impure Dimension he
also forbade man contact with the higher
World represented in the biblical myth
by the fruit from the Tree of knowledge
of Good and Evil but Lucifer the angel
of Light made a great sacrifice and
descended into this satanic hell to give
the forbidden fruit of nosis to man and
opened his eyes so that he would be able
to remember his divine origin and his
superiority in relation to the creator
after Adam and Eve ate the forbidden
fruit the Creator God revealing his lack
of omniscience arrived in Eden unable to
find them like a master calling his
servant Jehovah beckoned asking where
are you he had created Humanity with the
intention of indentured servitude
wanting man to be ignorant of his
Origins and incapable of distinguishing
between good and evil this is why he was
waiting in the garden with a death
threat falsely warning them of their
demise should they dare to eat the
forbidden fruit this is also why once
they did eat of the fruit and his lie
was exposed Jehovah exiled Adam and Eve
from his garden paradise and condemned
Humanity forever thereafter to so-called
original sin Jose Aragon wrote Eden
wasn't Paradise but just the opposite
in his book laf Fran meari father Leon
murin describes the Gnostic
interpretations of the Earthly paradise
and the serpent of Genesis and the
following ideas come up Jehovah does not
want man to know his origin or his great
Destiny he forbids all contact with the
higher world he wants man to be a
reflection of him the Creator and not a
reflection of the supreme god but man
did wake up and he did become aware of
Good and Evil
Lucifer took the form of a serpent to
wake man up he is a messenger of the
supreme god the unknowable God he is a
messenger of the true God who came into
this imperfect inadequate and wretched
world to wake up and liberate man to
show him his true situation and what his
great Destiny could be like for this
reason those who follow the orders of
the Creator God consider the serpent to
be something malicious and satanic and
in all this confusion like in it with
Satan on the other hand gnostics see the
serpent Lucifer as a savior someone who
came to save man a messenger of the true
God this Serpent of Enlightenment which
brought nosis Gnostic truth which allows
the authentic and true nature of things
to be seen in this world of confusion
came to liberate man so what these Roman
Orthodox Christian conspirators achieved
by eliminating these key books from the
Bible was three-fold
firstly and most importantly they
completely removed God from the Bible
all mentions of the one true unknowable
God have been replaced by the Demi urge
Jehovah this is why the god of the Old
Testament and the god of the New
Testament seem like two completely
different entities because they are the
god of the Old Testament is vindictive
genocidal and Psychopathic whereas the
god of the New Testament is loving
compassionate and forgiving
as early Christian gnostics like marcion
stated the god of the Old Testament is
not the god of the New Testament they
are two different gods the first is a
God who applies law and punishes whereas
the other is a god of love who always
forgives the two are
irreconcilable the good God that sent
Christ the Savior to Bethlehem in the
New Testament is the same good God that
sent Lucifer the Savior to Eden in the
Old Testament meanwhile the evil God
that lied to Adam and punished all of
humanity thereafter for Eve's
disobedience is the same evil God that
ordered human and animal sacrifices and
genocided Humanity in the flood it is
clear that these must be two completely
different entities but Christian
conspirators like origin insisted there
are not two different gods one fair and
the other good it is the same God and he
is fair and good this is how the
unknowable God was effectively removed
from the Bible and and how the demiurge
Jehovah came to be viewed as just and
perfect secondly if the Demi urge is now
supposedly good fair and perfect who is
to blame for all the evil in the world
if all the Divine attributes of the
ethically upstanding New Testament God
have been Force fit onto the morally
bankrupt Old Testament God who is the
new
scapegoat the gnostics blamed all evil
suffering and negativity in this world
on the demiurge Creator God himself who
they viewed as Satan but the Roman
Orthodox conspirators needed a new enemy
some new Satan to take his place who
better than Lucifer the lightbearer the
angel of Light Sent From The unknowable
God to Enlighten Humanity thus the
conspirators turned Lucifer into Satan
and turned the satanic demiurge into God
Jose Aragon in the Forbidden religion
wrote the evil of the demiurge has been
taken outside to a Satan different from
the Creator now it is this new Satan who
likes blood the smell of burnt flesh the
slaves Wars rituals sacrifices
conspiracies and genocide now it is this
new Satan who enjoys the fact that men
bow down before him in adoration and
make covenants of blood pacts with him
in exchange for power or Earthly wealth
it is easy to discover that all the
characteristics which Satan now has were
taken from the Creator God of the Bible
so this this is what we have the
unknowable God does not exist his
attributes have been transferred to the
demiurge and the attributes of the
demiurge have been transferred to a
Satan outside of him what does this
Great conspiracy this big scam now need
what is lacking is someone who we can
transform this Satan into it has to be
someone who we very much hate since
Satan is the most wretched figure that
we can conceive of it occurred to
someone that the most appropriate way
would be to disclose the fact that this
evil Satan is none other than Lucifer in
this way not only is the demiurge
cleansed of his satanic nature but the
figure of Lucifer is also completely
distorted the angel of Light Sent By The
unknowable God to save mankind was
transformed into a monster whose
function is to keep man
enslaved lastly now that the one true
God had been eliminated from the Bible
the satanic demiurge had co-opted all
the divine attri Utes of God and Lucifer
the monads angel of Light had become
Satan the final change the Christian
conspirators needed was to redefine hell
then blame mankind for the existence of
evil the Gnostic Gospels make it clear
that this world is a broken simulation
designed by A demented designer created
by an evil Creator this dense material
Dimension full of suffering and death
created by the demiurge is the Only Hell
but to hide this hell instead became
another even worse place of punishment
for all those who dare disobey the
demiurge meanwhile the obvious
imperfections and evils of this world
would never be accepted as the perfect
Paradise of a loving benevolent Creator
so what justification could be
given Jose Aragon wrote but how did all
that perfect creation come to be
transformed into something as imperfect
as it is today here lies the brilli of
the Apostles in the deception it was
man's fault that creation became impure
and imperfect the Creator a perfect
being created the perfect world but man
ruined it Paradise was perfect but man
and the serpent Lucifer destroyed this
Perfection falling with it so we have a
good and perfect Creator who
accomplished good and perfect work all
his creation matter time man were good
Paradise was a perfect place and man
lived there happily all this went wrong
and deteriorated due to the Disobedience
of man to state that man is to blame for
the original sin and for the fall has
been one of the crudest ideas conceived
against the spirit and the true God man
has been held responsible for the
incompetence of the Creator and the
shortcomings of his work we have already
seen that man was nothing more than an
ignorant servant in Paradise he ignored
everything concerning himself and
Creator as it appears he is still doing
he did not know that another God existed
who was immensely superior to the
Creator God he did not know that Beyond
his body and soul he had a spirit
imprisoned he did not even know until he
woke up and was able to Rebel for nois
the only original sin that existed was
that committed by the demiurge on
binding the Eternal spirits to the
Mortal soul of man for nosis the only
fall that existed and helped Along by
the demiurge was the fall of our Spirits
into the hellish world of matter